It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands. It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak. When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language. Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend. If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it. People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink". He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey. You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family. The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby. The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world. He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears. It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones. You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking. He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others. Instead of a bachelorette party You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency. You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind. I’m a living furnace.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door. I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport. It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail. He was all business when he wore his clown suit. We have a lot of rain in June. The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out. He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started. When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed. She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.